senator Ted Cruz did you see why he's in
the news today so last night his
official personal Twitter account liked
you know you click like a hardcore porn
video for real this is a screen grab at
the post he liked from an account called
sexual opposed the videos from a genre
known as stepmom porn which is he's a
Family Values guy but just think of only
he'd done something this perverted
during the campaign he might be
president right now is the guy who
famously supported a law banning sex
toys so he's a lot of fun but the post
was up most of the night last night it
took them a long time to figure it out
according to a spokeswoman the tweet has
been removed and the senator is being
punished for being a very naughty boy
but I have to say I love this stuff
let's go through the possibilities of
how this could have happened I have four
theories number one someone on the staff
was browsing porn on the twitter and
accidentally liked it number two his
twitter account was hacked number three
Ted himself was looking at the porn his
wife Heidi walked in and he accidentally
hit the like button while he's trying to
get his pants zipped up number four you
know Ted lost the presidential election
he's been bullied by Trump he didn't get
a cabinet position he's tired of being
the uptight religious guy from Texas he
just said screw it I watch porn in
public now this is Who I am
[Applause]
so senator Cruz's morning claimed an
aide with access to his account was
responsible and that this happened
inadvertently he's a staffing issue and
and it was inadvertent it was a mistake
it was not a deliberate actually is this
person gonna be terminated for
disciplining anyway we're dealing with
it internally but it was a mistake it
was not malicious conduct this person
continue to have access
social that that is still being
discussed is this person you stabbing
issue sounds suspicious I really
honestly don't think it was Ted Cruz I
don't think Ted Cruz looks at porn Ted
Cruz masturbates to pictures of poor
people without health care you know some
of his supporters are concerned this has
become a big story they're so concerned
one of his super PACs released a new ad
today that I think makes it very clear
where Ted Cruz stands on adult
entertainment Ted Cruz is hard at work
for the people of Texas yet the liberal
media is so desperate to undermine him
they're claiming he liked a porn video
on Twitter for those who questioned Ted
Cruz's character we ask you does this
look like a man who watches porn on his
phone you know you know what let's go
ahead and use another picture is this
the face of a man who masturbates wait
wait hang on get-get the other do you
really believe this Princeton educated
man is so unaware of how to indulge his
sexual urges in a healthy way he
memorized the name of a Twitter porn
handle so he could come back later and
watch the videos without following the
account itself no you don't because it's
not true
Ted Cruz never masturbates
I'm Ted Cruz and I touched myself last
night
how do you know what you know what Ted
Cruz Cruz's porn name is it's Ted Cruz
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel if you like that
click the subscribe button below and
good things will happen
forever